Defined missing Information Elements; added generateHandle() function… (#36)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models: draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models.md

# Terminology

This document uses the following set of terms, roles, and concepts as defined in {{-RATS}}:

> Attester, Verifier, Relying Party, Conceptual Message, Evidence, Endorsement, Attestation Result, Appraisal Policy, Attesting Environment, Target Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attester, Verifier, Relying Party, Conceptual Message, Evidence, Endorsement, Attestation Result, Appraisal Policy, Attesting Environment, Target Environment
```

Attester Identity:

: A statement about a distinguishable Attester made by an Endorser without accompanying evidence about its validity, used as proof of identity.

: The provenance of Evidence with respect to a distinguishable Attesting Environment MUST be correct and unambiguous.

: An Attester Identity MAY be a unique identity, MAY be included in a zero-knowledge proof (ZKP), MAY be part of a group signature, or it MAY be a randomized DAA credential {{DAA}}.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Attester Identity:

: A statement about a distinguishable Attester made by an Endorser without accompanying evidence about its validity, used as proof of identity.

: The provenance of Evidence with respect to a distinguishable Attesting Environment MUST be correct and unambiguous.

: An Attester Identity MAY be a unique identity, MAY be included in a zero-knowledge proof (ZKP), MAY be part of a group signature, or it MAY be a randomized DAA credential {{DAA}}.

> : The Endorser issues the Attester with a randomized credential which is then used to anonymously confirm the validity of its evidence. The evidence is verified using the public key of the Endorser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> : The Endorser issues the Attester with a randomized credential which is then used to anonymously confirm the validity of its evidence. The evidence is verified using the public key of the Endorser.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Generic Information Elements

> This section defines information elements which are vital to all kinds of interaction models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section defines the information elements that are vital to all kinds interaction models.
```
